Q1a: Differentiate between Procedure-Oriented Programming (POP) and Object-Oriented Programming (OOP).
Q1b: Explain Super keyword in inheritance with suitable example.
Q1c: Define: Method Overriding. List out Rules for method overriding. Write a java program that implements method overriding.
Q1cOR: Describe: Interface. Write a java program using interface to demonstrate multiple inheritance.

Q2a: Explain the Java Program Structure with example.
Q2b: Explain static keyword with suitable example.
Q2c: Define: Constructor. List out types of it. Explain Parameterized and copy constructor with suitable example.

Q2a: Explain the Primitive Data Types and User Defined DataTypes in java.
Q2b: Explain this keyword with suitable example.
Q2c: Define Inheritance. List out types of it. Explain multilevel and hierarchical inheritance with suitable example.

Q3a: Explain Type Conversion and Casting in java.
Q3b: Explain different visibility controls used in Java.
Q3c: Define: Thread. List different methods used to create Thread. Explain Thread life cycle in detail.

Q3a: Explain the purpose of JVM in java.
Q3b: Define: Package. Write the steps to create a Package with suitable example.
Q3c: Explain Synchronization in Thread with suitable example.

Q4a: Differentiate between String class and StringBuffer class.
Q4b: Write a Java Program to find sum and average of 10 numbers of an array.
Q4c: Explain abstract class with suitable example. Explain final class with suitable example.

Q4a: Explain Garbage Collection in Java.
Q4b: Write a Java program to handle user defined exception for ‘DividebyZero’ error.
Q4c: Write a java program to demonstrate multiple try block and multiple catch block exception.

Q5a: Write a program in Java to create a file and perform write operation on this file.
Q5b: Explain throw and finally in Exception Handling with example.
Q5c: Describe: Polymorphism. Explain run time polymorphism with suitable example in java.

Q5a: Write a program in Java that read the content of a file byte by byte and copy it into another file.
Q5b: Explain the different I/O Classes available with Java.
Q5c: Write a java program that executes two threads. One thread displays “Java Programming” every 3 seconds, and the other displays “Semester - 4th IT” every 6 seconds.(Create the threads by extending the Thread class)