Q1a: List out basic concepts of Java oop. Explain any one in detail.
Q1b: Explain JVM in detail.
Q1c: Write a program in java to print Fibonacci series for n terms.
Q1c: Write a program in java to find out minimum from any ten numbers using command line argument.

Q2a: What is Java wrapper class? Explain with example.
Q2b: List out different features of java. Explain any two.
Q2c: What is method overload in Java ? Explain with example.

Q2a: Explain Garbage collection in java.
Q2b: Explain final keyword in Java with example.
Q2c: What is constructor in Java? Explain parameterized constructor with example.

Q3a: Explain super keyword in Java with example.
Q3b: List out different types of inheritance in Java. Explain multilevel inheritance.
Q3c: What is Java interface? Explain multiple inheritance with example.

Q3a: Explain Java static keyword with example.
Q3b: Explain different access controls in Java.
Q3c: What is Java package? Write steps to create a package in Java and give example of it.

Q4a: Explain Java thread priorities with suitable example.
Q4b: What is Java Thread? Explain Thread life cycle.
Q4c: Write a program in java that create the multiple threads by implementing the Thread class.

Q4a: List four different inbuilt exceptions of Java. Explain any one inbuilt exception.
Q4b: Explain multiple catch with suitable example in Java.
Q4c: What is Java Exception? Write a program that show the use of Arithmetic Exception in Java.

Q5a: Explain ArrayIndexOutOfBound Exception in Java with example.
Q5b: Explain basics of Java stream classes.
Q5c: Write a java program to create a text file and perform read operation on the text file.

Q5a: Explain Divide by Zero Exception in Java with example.
Q5b: Explain java I/O process.
Q5c: Write a java program to display the content of a text file and perform append operation on the text file.